feat: docs for stream_executor_events (#196)
agno-agi/docs: concepts/workflows/running-workflow.mdx

        traceback.print_exc()
```

### Streaming Executor Events

> You can also choose not to stream executor events (agent or team events) by setting `stream_executor_events=False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose not to stream executor events: the events emitted by the agents or teams in your Steps.

You can do it by setting `stream_executor_events=False`.
```

Let's clarify what "executor events" are? double check I'm right pls

These Workflow events will still be streamed:
- `WorkflowStarted`
- `WorkflowCompleted`
- `StepStarted`
- `StepCompleted` 

> The events emitted by the used agents or teams, like `RunContent` and `TeamRunContent`, will not be streamed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
